At first, everyone felt it was a miracle, even myself. Gradually it piled up. Its brightness had deepened and changed everything, or so it seemed. People stepped outside, careful yet amused. Others were smiling to strangers. They were blinded by the brightness which was reflected by the sun. People were slipping and laughing, and I was with them. I sent some 'any plans for the snow?' text messages to eight friends from downtown. I met a pretty friend of mine and her boyfriend. We bought strawberries and Arak and walked through the snowy streets towards their house. There was an invisible rope connecting them even when they walked on opposite sidewalks. She threw snowballs at him and he lazily got away. After a while I gave up trying to join in - I walked in the middle of the road, a little behind. Finally I got a response for one of the messages, the eighth one, the one I had sent to Nofar. as soon as I walked, A few people came A while.

At noon, on my way home through the empty streets, everything was already stepped on and full of slush. Nofar had called while I was changing to dry clothes.

"Hello!" I said In a tone I knew would make her happy and surprised.

"Hello to you too! You haven't answered the message I sent you this morning" she said, more smiling than discontent.

"Yeah, I didn't know yet what I was going to do today."

"Did you find out?"

"Yes."

"What?"

"I'm meeting you" I said. For a moment my breath was taken away by my own courage.

She arrived half an hour later. I gave her some dry pants and socks, fluffy slippers and a cup of tea. She wasn't pretty, but she had something soft, pleasant and inviting to her. We sat on the sofa in the living room and spoke. Our knees were close under the blanket. We were talking about her medical studies, her work as a research assistant, and then she told me she was taking a course on opera this semester.

"How is it? Interesting?"

"Fascinating."

"Is that so? What fascinates you about it?"

"Everything... the music, the plot, the operas themselves... I don't know..."

"Really... and... do you care to say more on the subject?"

"What do you mean?"

"Just take one of the things you just mentioned, or anything else... anything else that you like about opera, and tell me about it. Why do you think it is interesting, what is interesting about it... you know... that kind of stuff."

She looked at me, and I thought she was waiting for me to chuckle. I moved a little so that I, like her, would look at the white cold wall in front of us. Our knees moved away from one another. The snowflakes outside the window fell fast and diagonally.

"Unless you don't feel like philosophizing" I said. 

"No, I do feel like philosophizing. I love philosophizing!"

"Do you consider yourself a philosophical person?" I turned to her with a smile and something from this morning's excitement had returned to my cheeks.

"Sure! At least I hope I am. Sometimes I'm not sure that... like, that I have it in me. You know what I'm saying?"

I wanted to kiss her, but controlled myself. I knew it was the responsible thing to do.

"Don't worry" I said instead, "I'm sure you have it in you. You're intelligent, educated. That's all it takes. This, and wanting to ask questions. And it's also something that comes with time. If you want, we can practice it together a little bit."

"How?"

This question made me feel like a civics teacher, trying to challenge my students with topics under dispute. But I had no choice. I had to continue.

"You just ask questions. This is what we are doing right now. When I ask you a question like 'why do you think opera is interesting?' I don't expect you to have a prepared answer. If you had one, it wouldn't have been interesting. I am asking a question so that we can break it down further and ask more questions."

"And then what?"

"Then?"

These pathetic questions made me want to yell at her to get a grip. But I didn't want to yell. Yelling would no longer help. "Then nothing" I said, "that's all there is."

I got up from under the blanket. The tea was already cold. I took the cups to the kitchen sink to wash them. She came after me and looked at me from the doorstep. I took a quick look at her eyes and looked back to the cup in my hand. It was covered with growing layers of white foam.

"Do you want me to leave?"

I gulped, looking at her with as much kindness as I could gather.

"Thanks for the visit" I said.

She moved as if to get closer, but then changed her mind and went back to the living-room. I heard her changing back to her own clothes, which had barely dried on the heater. She said goodbye with a tiredness that didn't sound like it had anything to do with me, and closed the door behind her. Only a moment later, when the cups were buried in white bubbles, I let the flowing water take the foam with it. I wanted to ask something, but an indistinct buzz in my head wouldn't let the questions take shape.
